I just want to tell you all that I feel uplifted in my spirit.
You can just feel the spiritual charge that is taking place in the atmosphere with all these people that are praying.
If one of us can put a thousand to flight and two of us can send 10,000 to flight, think about how many thousands of us sending into flight the power and the authority.
There is nothing that the Lord can't do through us if we just act in simple faith, believe, pray, and be that army—that body joined together.
I'm telling you, we are about to see one of the greatest harvests of souls this world has ever seen.
I want you all to agree with me: take the blinders off of people's eyes.
A spiritual awakening, a spiritual outpouring of the Spirit of God like we've never seen before—the waking from the slumber of the seeker-friendlies and the people who are asleep spiritually.
Praying for their eyes to be enlightened, praying for the demonstrations and the manifestations not just to happen in a couple of churches, but in all the churches.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, it won't just be the Pentecostals, it won't just be the charismatics.
It will be the body of Christ.
' It won't be just one denomination—like the Word of Faith bunch that is on fire for the Lord.
We stand and we know how to live by faith, we know how to live by the Word of God, and we stand on the Word of God, but there are still a lot of people that walk in defeat.
I am ready to stop playing church.
I am tired of going to church and not getting anything—I want that tangible presence of God to the point where you walk away changed.
I don't want to live where I was five days ago.
I want to live exceedingly abundantly above all that I dare ask or think.
People say, 'Well, you had another visit from Jesus?
' Yes, I expect it.
I expect Him to show up.
I expect to have a relationship with the Father; He is my Father.
It shouldn't be out of the ordinary to have a visitation from the Lord, to have demonstrations and manifestations.
He said greater works would we do.
He said you would lay hands on the sick and they would recover.
You would cast out devils, bring sight to the blind, and raise the dead.
He told us we would do this.
What's amazing, folks, is that's not supposed to be special; that's just the Great Commission.
He commissioned every single one of us to walk in that authority.
He commissioned every single believer.
So what does that say?
A child has the authority to cast out a devil.
A child has authority to lay hands on the sick and see them recover.
It didn't say a 'seasoned veteran believer'; he said 'believers,' if you believe.
So we always feel, 'No, that's for Brother Brandon,' or, 'No, that's for Sister Billy; she's a teacher and God equipped her.
' No, that's for you, ladies and gentlemen.
He gave you power.
He didn't give anybody else special treatment; He is no respecter of persons.
I want you to be encouraged that you have that ability the moment you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
You are seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities, powers, and might.
I'm trying to emphasize how important it is for you to understand who He is and that He lives in you—Christ in you.
So, I just want to encourage you all today.
We're going to pray over your situations and your households.
I'll just pray in the Spirit with you for a little bit and attach my faith with yours for your finances, for an outpouring of finances.
I'm believing God for cryptos and for big things—gold, silver, and things like that—that God would turn things around and give us witty ideas to get wealth.
God will give you a surplus.
I'm not just believing for your food to be taken care of today, but for having more than enough to be able to help your neighbor, a loved one, or someone else.
Believe Him for overflow to take care of other people besides yourself.
It's time to believe God for big.
It's time to believe God for exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think—to believe Him for the big thing.
That's where I believe we are: believing God for abundance.
So let's believe Him today.
Father, we thank you right now in the name of Jesus.
We speak to the mountain of debt, we speak to the mountain of poverty, and we command it to bow its knee in the name of Jesus and be cast into the sea.
Father, I thank you that we have authority over debt and poverty.
We speak to lack and 'not enough' and barely getting by, and we say: no more.
We have abundance, we have overflow, and we have more than enough in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father, for overflow and for exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
Thank you, Father, that you've made a way for them not just to live paycheck to paycheck, but to live lavishly.
God wants to let you live a great lifestyle, with happiness and abundance.
Money is not supposed to make us happy, but it's a lot easier to have money than not to have it.
That's what I'm believing for you today: to be able to say you've got enough to help the kingdom of God.
Father, we thank you and give you praise for it.
Now we believe for our bodies—that we're whole spiritually, physically, financially, mentally, and emotionally.
Father, we pray over the bodies, over the health today, that they're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We speak life over their bodies, from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
Lord, we speak life over their blood and over their cells.
No cancer, no diabetes, and no heart disease comes nigh them.
Father, I thank you that you said in your Word that you made them healed by your stripes.
Thank you, Father, for healing all kinds of infections.
For somebody, we pray over bladder infections and UTIs right now.
We speak to it, and in the name of Jesus, the UTI has to go.
We speak to prostates to be healed and whole in Jesus' name.
Over high blood pressure, we speak in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that you took all those infirmities and bore our sicknesses.
What you bore in your body, we will not bear in our body.
I thank you for your healing power that flows on the inside of us.
Father, I thank you that you put that crown of thorns on for the torment—that you took any kind of mental torment, bad dreams, night terrors, or stress disorders.
Father, I thank you that they're free from those things.
You said, 'Whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
' It's been on my heart to pray for your finances and for better jobs—for you to be the head, not the tail, and above and not beneath.
I've been stirred about it because I see so many people who are lacking.
It's time to turn it around and believe God for big.
Instead of saying, 'I have enough for some ramen noodles and Beanie Weenies to get me through the week,' you should be the King's kid eating salmon filets.
There is nothing wrong with eating ramen noodles, but I'm believing God for overflow so you can say, 'Lord, thank you that the world has our stuff.
' We're tithers, givers, and sowers, and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
The Lord has me praying about the wealth of the sinner's hand being laid up for the just.
The devil's crowd has it, but we're the King's kids.
He has the cattle on a thousand hills and overflow in the name of Jesus.
As He is, so are we in this world—on earth as it is in heaven.
Because we are flowing in that covenant with Him, I'm going to tell you: if you have a problem with prosperity and walking in the blessing, you're going to hate heaven.
From what I've seen, even Jesus' crown and the jewels—it's beyond anything you can dare ask or think.
The mansions in heaven are overflow.
There's no poverty in heaven, no trailer parks, and no shacks.
There are mansions and castles; I've seen them, and they're breathtaking.
The gold is transparent in the streets.
Like Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz, follow the Yellow Brick Road.
This is transparent gold; it's so pure and beautiful.
If you just took out one brick of that street, most people could live forever off it because of how pure that gold is.
I know this is probably getting on some people's nerves, but the Lord wants you blessed.
I feel it inside to tell you today that God wants you to have exceedingly abundantly above all you dare ask or think.
To the tithers and givers who have sowed and sowed and never reaped: it's a spiritual law for seed-time and harvest.
A lot of you believe in sowing, but you don't believe in reaping.
You push away the reaping because it's uncomfortable or you feel you should just be humble.
God will build the character in you so money won't destroy you.
He's a God of love.
I hope this video blessed you all today.
Stop thinking small and believe God bigger.
He is a big God, and if the devil's crowd can have it, we should take it.
It's time to plunder hell and populate heaven and take authority over the devil.
He gave you dominion.
Whatsoever things you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatsoever things you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven.
He said whatsoever things *you* say out of your mouth and believe in your heart will come to pass.
Expectation brings manifestation.
I thank you, Father, that it's coming to pass.
The seeds we sowed in the past will come to harvest at last in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen and amen.